doc: new Clever Tools documentation (#667)
CleverCloud/clever-tools: docs/services-notifications-webhooks.md

# Clever Cloud services: notifications and hooks

> When events happen on Clever Cloud, during adddons or applications lifecycle for example, you can send email notifications or trigger webhooks. For each of the following command, you can list all items and/or target a specific user/organization through these parameters :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When events happen on Clever Cloud, during add-ons or applications lifecycle for example, you can send email notifications or trigger webhooks. For each of the following command, you can list all items and/or target a specific user/organization through these parameters:
```
